This is a repository for a healthcare device aimed at monitoring cardiac functions of the human body, and detect any possible heart diseases. This device has a form factor of a smart watch and can be worn on the wrist by any person for monitoring of blood oxygen saturation, heart rate, and, heart disease. The work contained in this repository was done by the main creator of the project, John Emmanuel V. Gaa, together with his colleagues at Mapua Institute of Technology, Intramuros, Manila - Nicola Jan Candia, Lawrence Hennessey Balbin, and Angellica Mariella David, as a thesis work for the program, Electronics Engineering.

This repository will include design files of the device such as schematics, PCB layouts, source codes, and 3D rendered models. This repository currently open to the public as open source for an indefinite amount of time. Files conatined in this repository may be downloaded and used as long as the creator of the project is properly attributed when used in a personal project. This project is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International. Files included in this repository may not be used for commercial purposes without the creator's permission. Distribution of derivatives or altered copies of the work is not permitted; only official copies found in this repository may be distributed.

All the work and ideas contained in this repository is subject to future registration for intellectual property protection and patenting of the device.
